Just because the person I’m helping is you
Tell the truth
Since the last auction
I watched you highly just to have dinner with me
It's 200 million in one move
And after taking the opportunity to have dinner with me,
If you say you give up, you give up.
Hey, it turns out your betrothal gift is beyond my imagination.
It’s a summer outfit indeed
This vision and knowledge
It is indeed not something that ordinary people can compare with.
The business war with us this time was very unusual.
It’s a foreign x competition team
Bahrain Heavy Industries
These city addresses
Ranked among the top 100 companies in the world
strength and balloons
So I need your help
Only then can we negotiate with him
But if we start a business war with them,
I must use all my net worth to name Li.
Lord Xia Tian
I think I need a more
Just a good reason
The reason I say this is because I am not enough.
See if you can get into the water
Count them down
As far as I know
You must have a lot of money with women
This woman is indeed not simple
You actually guessed that I had so much money
And this money
related to women
I ask for your help for the sake of the entire Lord Jiang City.
also for
I, the Lord of City Jiang, will go down
The only beautiful city owner in the building
if you can help me
I can help you in any way you want.
Just because I helped you
Tell the truth
Since the last auction
I will watch you highly in order to have dinner with me
200 million as soon as you sell it.
And after taking the opportunity to have dinner with me
Just give up.
Hey, it can be seen that your bride price is beyond my imagination
As expected of summer clothes
This vision and knowledge
It is indeed not comparable to ordinary people
This business war with us is very unusual.
It is a foreign x team.
Bahrain Heavy Industries
These market addresses
A great power on the list of the world's top 100 companies
Strength and balloons
So I need your help.
We can negotiate with him
But if you engage in a business war with them
I must take out all my net worth surnames Li
Summer Lord Hmm
I think I need one more
Good reason
I say this reason is that I am not enough?
Launcher, see if you can
Do the math.
As far as I understand
Your huge sum of money must be related to women
This woman is indeed not simple
How could you have guessed that I had so much money?
And the money
Have a relationship with a woman
I am asking for your help for the sake of the entire Jiang City Lord
Also for
I, the mayor of Jiang, go down
The only beautiful woman in the building
If you can help me
How can I help you?